Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown
all the messed up shit.
Today we are breaking down the last two episodes
of Corpse Party, a pretty gorey and fucked
anime.
Make sure you guys watched the first breakdown
on the first two episodes if you haven't,
link will be in the description!
Anyway lets get into the breakdown!
So, we are back with these people who are
literally fucked.
Kizami takes a picture of Morshige, but then
turns his attention towards Yuka, offering
to be the one to end her life.
Next after another earthquake it cuts to sexy
mama Naomi who gets a phone call from her
mamma, then someone else invades the call
and is asking for help!
Satoshi acts like the biggest derp of all
derps by continuing investigating, when he
could be looking for his sister, who in the
meantime is running desperately from that
sick fuck Kizami.
The red dress girl, guess I'll just say her
name, Sachiko, helps Yuka un away and then
Kizami gets bodied by the same guy who knocked
out Sensei.
Satoshi then meets up with Nano, the sick
spirit and he learns that they completely
messed up the ritual in the beginning!
Then she teleports him to the one he is most
thinking of.
Back with Shinozaki and Yoshiki, they wake
up in the original school although everyone
else is missing.
Then Shinozaki finds a portal which turns
into one of the dead spirit girls.
She explains how she got kidnapped, but she
also explains that the two's efforts to appease
the spirits weren't enough.
They learn that if they wanna release their
friends, they gotta go back, comment below
on what you guys would do, cuz if it was me.
They gonna find their own way back!
The spirit girl puts Shinozaki in her position
back to how she was killed along with he other
kids.
Off screen, the killer stabs a girls eyes
out, cuts someone's tongue out, and slowly
beheads another girl.
Then we see the real killer was in fact Sachiko,
the red dress girl.
Sachiko then stabs Shinozaki in the eye and
pulls it clean out.
Then she wakes back up and the two decide
to go back inside to save their friends but
Yoshiki pussies out!
Then we get this shot(Naomi's Panties) and
she starts crying out which Satoshi hears,
seems like the voids have mixed.
Wait wait wait, so Nano takes Satoshi to the
one he is most thinking of.....
Which is Naomi.
Naomi!.
Not his fucking SISTER!?!?
Fuck Satoshi.
Naomi then takes Satoshi to Seiko's dead body.
Next back to Yuka, Sachiko threatens Yuka
and she pisses herself as Sachiko laughs evilly.
Then some fleshy guy gabs Yuka and starts
choking her out.
Everybody hears Yuka crying and we see she
has been tied up by the fleshy guy.
Now guys we got some child torture so buckle
up.
He stabs her in the thigh, and then cuts her
eye out of her skull.
Then he stabs her in the torso before Yoshiki
comes in and beheads the guy.
Then he gets into a fight with he old teacher
and we see he got cut across the ye.
Then he gets disemboweled by the old teacher
and then gets skull fisted by him too, what
a terrible way to go, its like a Jason Voorhees
type of death.
Satoshi finds Shinozaki and Yuka and they
meet up with Naomi.
Yuka is still alive but dies in her brother's
arms, at least she didn't go out like no punk.
Then we see Sachiko laugh on.
Episode Four Starts off with he kids talking
about how Sachiko is the mastermind behind
everything.
The only way to escape is to put all the spirits
to rest and get a confession from the killer.
They need the charm as well but it seems Naomi
might be missing hers.
They come across an infirmary and they come
across another spirit before running away.
Shinozaki meets up with Nano chan and she
goes all crazy She shows the crazy spirit
some contradicting images, causing her to
vomit and then puts her spirit to rest as
well.
We learn that Sachiko is bringing sorry fucks
to the void to keep her dead mother from being
lonely.
Sachiko's mother is Yoshie san, a teacher
who died from falling down the stairs and
the woman that was seen earlier throughout
the episodes.
They come across a room with seals everywhere
and Satoshi sees a flashback of the Principal
cutting out Sachiko's tongue and stabbing
her dead body.
Shinozaki comes across Sensei but then the
sensei gets beheaded by a loose board as an
earthquake happens.
Satoshi and Naomi then find themselves in
some murder room and they hide as someone's
coming.
It's the old teacher who has Seikos body and
he cuts her tongue out and puts it in a bucket
of tongues.
Naomi chases after the old teacher and finds
a TV.
Meanwhile, Shinozaki wakes back up in another
gore room, but then Satoshi and Shinozaki
get told by the spirit that Naomi is under
control, but if she beaks free she can escape.
Then the two find Sachikos dead body.
But demon Sachiko comes and stabs Satoshi
right n the hand.
He subdues her as Sachiko's good spirit spawns.
We find out that Naomi was the one who actually
hung Seiko, but she wasn't in her right mind.
Satoshi tries appealing to Sachiko's spirit
as Seiko calls Naomi from the grave, forgiving
Naomi and breaking the curse.
Naomi finds the two and Satoshi reveals that
he knows that Sachiko and the mother were
the final victim.
He freezes Sachiko and we see a flashback
that the principal killed Sachiko's mother
and suffocated Sachiko.
This calms Sachiko down and then Satoshi gives
Sachiko what she had before she died, and
Sachiko asks for forgiveness as her spirit
goes to rest.
I don't understand actually, so if she was
the last victim, does that mean she didn't
kill those little kids?
Because if she did, I don't got no sympathy
for her.
The girl spirit comes back as the school starts
breaking down.
The three begin their escape using the charm,
and Satoshi finds out that Naomi is using
a random charm paper which could result them
into failure.
He offers his to her and he will use Yuka's.
They begin their ritual and they teleport,
the three succeed, but the two girls carry
a scared face, and we see Satoshi didn't make
it back and the two girls hold each of his
arms.
The anime ends with Naomi's mother crying
to a doctor about Naomi being in a disturbed
state and all the people who died before have
been erased from history all together.
Well that was pretty messed up, the game is
no where near this gory even if it does keep
the disturbing themes.
Anyway lets talk about the most disturbed
moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky
Stuff.
So right into it, the most disturbed moment
is Yuka's torture.
If it would have been any other character,
I'd probably say the same, but I think this
would have been avoided if it wasn't for Satoshi.
The most enjoyed moment was when Yoshiki came
and beheaded the guy that was torturing Yuka.
He went out in such a stupid way too!
And that's it, this is considered one of the
goriest anime ever, and I can't blame them.
Thanks for 100 subscribers it feels great
to see
the channel grow, and if you like this video
consider subbing yourself, Spooky is out!